README.md, before:

# Code samples for "Neural Networks and Deep Learning"

This repository contains code samples for my book on ["Neural Networks
and Deep Learning"](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com).

The code is written for Python 2.6 or 2.7. Michal Daniel Dobrzanski
has a repository for Python 3
[here](https://github.com/MichalDanielDobrzanski/DeepLearningPython35). I
will not be updating the current repository for Python 3
compatibility.

The program `src/network3.py` uses version 0.6 or 0.7 of the Theano
library.  It needs modification for compatibility with later versions
of the library.  I will not be making such modifications.

As the code is written to accompany the book, I don't intend to add
new features. However, bug reports are welcome, and you should feel
free to fork and modify the code.

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Michael Nielsen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update README: how repo used for research project

README.md, after:

# Exploring Neural Networks for Handwritten Digit Recognition in the Presence of Artifacts

This repo is a fork of the one created by Michael Nielsen for his book "Neural Networks and Deep Learning". It was created to allow the use of the library he created for the book in my own research project. This research project looks at reproducing and comparing the accuracies Nielsen achieved using "clean" data to accuracies achieved using the same network structures and hyperparameters trained with data containing artifacts. The changes made to this library are meant to support this research project. 

Since the experiments take days to complete when CPU bound, the experiments initially implemented with this library have been reimplemented using Keras via Google Colaboratory to take advantage of the speedup achieved when using GPUs. This allows those without a compatible GPU to run the experiments in a matter of hours rather than days. 

The original README contents follows: 

# Code samples for "Neural Networks and Deep Learning"

This repository contains code samples for my book on ["Neural Networks
and Deep Learning"](http://neuralnetworksanddeeplearning.com).

The code is written for Python 2.6 or 2.7. Michal Daniel Dobrzanski
has a repository for Python 3
[here](https://github.com/MichalDanielDobrzanski/DeepLearningPython35). I
will not be updating the current repository for Python 3
compatibility.

The program `src/network3.py` uses version 0.6 or 0.7 of the Theano
library.  It needs modification for compatibility with later versions
of the library.  I will not be making such modifications.

As the code is written to accompany the book, I don't intend to add
new features. However, bug reports are welcome, and you should feel
free to fork and modify the code.

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Michael Nielsen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
